[charts] Support lines with different domain (#10801)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/lines/lines.md

For more information, see [stacking docs](/x/react-charts/stacking/).

> ## Missing data

Reviewer: Another sentence explaining that shorter `daŧa` will automatically filled with `null` could be nice

Author: They are not, it's just that `data[10]` returns `undefined` if `data` has less than 10 items.

Basically it's the reason why I use `==` instead of `===`

Reviewer: OK technically they are not filled.
But my point is just that we suppor correctly data of different length, we can see it in the example, but the text does not make it clear.

Reviewer: I don't have a good enough understanding of the charts DX to have a good opinion here.

For me `undefined` and `null` don't have the same meaning so that make sense to differentiate them.

> ## Missing data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Partial data
```

```suggestion
## Incomplete data
```

I feel like "missing" looks to much like it's abnormal.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, both are great alternatives. I also felt the same, but couldn't  think of a better alternative at the time. 🙈

You can handle lines with missing data or data starting at different points by providing `null` values.

> By default, the tooltip does not show series if they have no value.

Reviewer 2: IMHO, `it` is a bit more correct in this case than `they` as we are referring to a single series, are we not? 🤔 
```suggestion
By default, the tooltip does not show a series if it has no value.
```

Author: The fun of "series" being plural and singular :)

I was thinking about plural like "it does not the set of series that have no value" to be coherent with the plural of "You can handle lines with missing data" in the previous paragraph.

To override this behavior, use the `valueFormatter` to return a string if the value is `null` or `undefined`.

> It can be an empty string.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if this sentence brings any extra value to the user. 🙈 🤷 
```suggestion
```
